Show how to use a custom policy in output caching (#27688)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/performance/caching/output.md

:::code language="csharp" source="output/samples/7.x/Program.cs" id="policies3":::

### Override the default policy

> The following code shows how to override the default rules. The highlighted lines in the following custom policy code enable caching for HTTP Post methods and HTTP 301 responses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code shows how to override the default rules. The highlighted lines in the following custom policy code enable caching for HTTP POST methods and HTTP 301 responses:
```

:::code language="csharp" source="output/samples/7.x/MyCustomPolicy.cs" highlight="50,67":::

To use this custom policy, create a named policy:

:::code language="csharp" source="output/samples/7.x/Program.cs" id="policies3b":::

And select the named policy for an endpoint:

:::code language="csharp" source="output/samples/7.x/Program.cs" id="post":::

> ### An alternative way to override the default policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alternative default policy override 
```

The custom policy class shown earlier has a private constructor and `Instance` property that creates a singleton. As an alternative, you can use Dependency Injection (DI) to initialize an instance. Give the custom policy class a public constructor instead of a private constructor, and eliminate the `Instance` property. For example:

:::code language="csharp" source="output/samples/7.x/MyCustomPolicy2.cs" id="fordi":::

> The remainder of the class is the same as shown earlier. Add the custom policy as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remainder of the class is the same as shown previously. Add the custom policy as shown in the following example:
```

:::code language="csharp" source="output/samples/7.x/Program.cs" id="policies3c":::

> With this code, DI creates the instance of the custom policy class. Any public arguments in the constructor would also be resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the preceding code, DI creates the instance of the custom policy class. Any public arguments in the constructor are resolved.
```

> When using a custom policy as a base policy, don't call `OutputCache()` on any endpoint that the base policy should apply to. Calling `OutputCache()` adds the default policy to the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a custom policy as a base policy, don't call `OutputCache` on any endpoint that the base policy should apply to. Calling `OutputCache` adds the default policy to the endpoint.
```
